Extension/monero.md, before:

# Monero
- [Monero](#monero)
  - [Wallets](#wallets)
  - [Mining](#mining)
  - [Related Projects](#related-projects)


## Wallets
- [Official GUI]()
- [Mymonero.com](https://mymonero.com) - Web wallet of fluffypony, core dev of Monero
- *Warning: fluffypony (core dev of Monero) is suspicious ([Link](https://monero.stackexchange.com/questions/897/does-monero-have-any-mobile-wallets-available) of those 2 wallets. Do your own research.* 
    - [Android Wallet By Freewallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xmr.org.freewallet.app&hl=en)
    - [IOS Wallet By Freewallet](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/monero-wallet-by-freewallet/id1126426159?mt=8)

## Mining
- Mining Pools
    - [Moneropools.com](http://moneropools.com) - List of Monero pools
    - [Monerohash.com](https://monerohash.com) - US-based Monero pool
    - [Xmrpool.net](https://xmrpool.net)
    - [Xmrpool.eu](http://xmrpool.eu) - Europe-based Monero pool
    - [Minexmr.com](http://minexmr.com)
    - [Minemonero.pro](https://minemonero.pro)
    - [Xmr-pool-choice](https://github.com/timekelp/xmr-pool-choice) - Tool to choose best monero pool

- Mining Pool Software
    - [Node-cryptonote-pool](https://github.com/zone117x/node-cryptonote-pool) - The original mining pool app for cryptonotes, with a front-end. Uses `Redis`.
    - [Cryptonote-universal-pool](https://github.com/fancoder/cryptonote-universal-pool) - Improved mining pool based on `node-cryptonote-pool`. Uses `Redis` and `Mysql`
    - [Nodejs-pool](https://github.com/Snipa22/nodejs-pool) - Improved mining pool based on `node-cryptonote-pool`. Uses `lmdb` and `Mysql`
    - [Poolui](https://github.com/mesh0000/poolui) - Front-end for nodejs-pool. Uses `AngularJS`

- Mining Software
    - [Sgminer-gm](https://github.com/genesismining/sgminer-gm) - GPU Miner. Uses `OpenCL`
    - [XmrMiner](https://github.com/xmrMiner/xmrMiner) - GPU Miner. Uses `Cuda`
    - [Wolf-xmr-miner](https://github.com/OhGodAPet/wolf-xmr-miner) - GPU Miner. Uses `OpenCL`
    - [Cpuminer-multi](https://github.com/OhGodAPet/cpuminer-multi) - CPU Miner

- Block Explorers
    - [Moneroblocks.info](http://moneroblocks.info)
    - [Chainradar.com](https://chainradar.com/xmr/blocks)
    - [Moneroexplorer.com](https://moneroexplorer.com)
    - [Monerobase.com](https://monerobase.com)

## Related Projects
- Monero Projects
    - [Kovri](https://github.com/monero-project/kovri) - A secure, private, untraceable C++ implementation of the I2P anonymous network
    - [OpenAlias](https://openalias.org) - A DNS-like service to make Monero Wallet more user-friendly

- Cryptonote Coins
    - [Map of Cryptonote Coins](http://mapofcoins.com/bytecoin) - Map showing the different cryptonote/bytecoin projects, and how they forked off each other
    - [Cryptonote.org](https://cryptonote.org) - The official cryptonote website
    - [Cryptonote Starter](https://cryptonotestarter.org) - Tutorial to create your own Cryptonote coin
    - [Bytecoin](https://bytecoin.org/) - The first cryptonote implementation
    - [FantomCoin](http://fantomcoin.org) - FantomCoin, allows merge mining with Monero
    - [Aeon](https://github.com/aeonix/aeon) - Aeon coin, a fork of Monero
    - [Digital Note](http://digitalnote.org)

Commit message:

Add more wallet suggestions
There are now more wallets with XMR support. Adding to list of suggestions

Extension/monero.md, after:

# Monero
- [Monero](#monero)
  - [Wallets](#wallets)
  - [Mining](#mining)
  - [Related Projects](#related-projects)


## Wallets
- [Official GUI]()
- [Mymonero.com](https://mymonero.com) - Web wallet of fluffypony, core dev of Monero
- [Exodus](https://www.exodus.io/monero-wallet/) - Popular multicurrency wallet with in-app exchange for desktop and mobile
- [Monerujo](https://www.monerujo.io/) - Android wallet with ability to pay Bitcoin addresses using XMR.to
- *Warning: fluffypony (core dev of Monero) is suspicious ([Link](https://monero.stackexchange.com/questions/897/does-monero-have-any-mobile-wallets-available) of those 2 wallets. Do your own research.* 
    - [Android Wallet By Freewallet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xmr.org.freewallet.app&hl=en)
    - [IOS Wallet By Freewallet](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/monero-wallet-by-freewallet/id1126426159?mt=8)

## Mining
- Mining Pools
    - [Moneropools.com](http://moneropools.com) - List of Monero pools
    - [Monerohash.com](https://monerohash.com) - US-based Monero pool
    - [Xmrpool.net](https://xmrpool.net)
    - [Xmrpool.eu](http://xmrpool.eu) - Europe-based Monero pool
    - [Minexmr.com](http://minexmr.com)
    - [Minemonero.pro](https://minemonero.pro)
    - [Xmr-pool-choice](https://github.com/timekelp/xmr-pool-choice) - Tool to choose best monero pool

- Mining Pool Software
    - [Node-cryptonote-pool](https://github.com/zone117x/node-cryptonote-pool) - The original mining pool app for cryptonotes, with a front-end. Uses `Redis`.
    - [Cryptonote-universal-pool](https://github.com/fancoder/cryptonote-universal-pool) - Improved mining pool based on `node-cryptonote-pool`. Uses `Redis` and `Mysql`
    - [Nodejs-pool](https://github.com/Snipa22/nodejs-pool) - Improved mining pool based on `node-cryptonote-pool`. Uses `lmdb` and `Mysql`
    - [Poolui](https://github.com/mesh0000/poolui) - Front-end for nodejs-pool. Uses `AngularJS`

- Mining Software
    - [Sgminer-gm](https://github.com/genesismining/sgminer-gm) - GPU Miner. Uses `OpenCL`
    - [XmrMiner](https://github.com/xmrMiner/xmrMiner) - GPU Miner. Uses `Cuda`
    - [Wolf-xmr-miner](https://github.com/OhGodAPet/wolf-xmr-miner) - GPU Miner. Uses `OpenCL`
    - [Cpuminer-multi](https://github.com/OhGodAPet/cpuminer-multi) - CPU Miner

- Block Explorers
    - [Moneroblocks.info](http://moneroblocks.info)
    - [Chainradar.com](https://chainradar.com/xmr/blocks)
    - [Moneroexplorer.com](https://moneroexplorer.com)
    - [Monerobase.com](https://monerobase.com)

## Related Projects
- Monero Projects
    - [Kovri](https://github.com/monero-project/kovri) - A secure, private, untraceable C++ implementation of the I2P anonymous network
    - [OpenAlias](https://openalias.org) - A DNS-like service to make Monero Wallet more user-friendly

- Cryptonote Coins
    - [Map of Cryptonote Coins](http://mapofcoins.com/bytecoin) - Map showing the different cryptonote/bytecoin projects, and how they forked off each other
    - [Cryptonote.org](https://cryptonote.org) - The official cryptonote website
    - [Cryptonote Starter](https://cryptonotestarter.org) - Tutorial to create your own Cryptonote coin
    - [Bytecoin](https://bytecoin.org/) - The first cryptonote implementation
    - [FantomCoin](http://fantomcoin.org) - FantomCoin, allows merge mining with Monero
    - [Aeon](https://github.com/aeonix/aeon) - Aeon coin, a fork of Monero
    - [Digital Note](http://digitalnote.org)
